(DOCSP-39513): Consolidate Create page (#3270)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/includes/api-details/swift/crud/create-set-properties-description.rst

You can create objects that contain :swift-sdk:`MutableSet 
<Classes/MutableSet.html>` properties as you would any SDK object, but you
can only mutate a ``MutableSet`` within a write transaction. This means you can

> only set the value(s) of a set property within a write transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only set the values of a set property within a write transaction.
```
